Congratulations, you made it.
Welcome to the Java Masterclass
and thank you for investing in it.
So my name is Tim Buchalka.
And I'll be the instructor leading you
through this course.
My mission is a simple one,
and that's to teach you Java
to the level where you can become a Java programmer.
Now whether you're new to programming,
whether you've got some experience
in another programming language,
or whether you know some Java
and are looking to take those existing skills
to the next level,
in any of those scenarios this course
is most definitely for you.
Now this has been the best-selling Java course on Udemy
for many years.
And I think one of the main reasons
is that it's constantly updated.
And in fact, as I record this video in July of 2019,
I'm updating the course to JDK version 11.
Now if I just lost you when I used the term JDK
that stands for Java Development Kit,
and it's the software that is used
to create Java programmes.
But we'll find out a lot more about that
as we go through the course in detail actually.
But if you know something about the JDK
you might be wondering,
"Well Tim, why are you updating the course to JDK 11
"when JDK 12 is out already
"and JDK 13 is due in September 2019?"
Well fear not,
because I've actually got a video entitled "Which JDK?"
which explains my reasoning for using JDK version 11.
So check out that video to understand the reasoning.
But look, no matter version you are using
if you are using a newer version
and wanna stick to that,
that's fine
because the concepts that you'll learn in this course
are applicable literally to any version
of Java Development Kit, or Java in general,
from JDK 8 and above.
And if you've got no idea what I'm talking about
fear not,
you'll learn more about that as we go through the course.
Now one of the other things that I want to mention
just before we finish off,
is to please don't skip the next few videos
in this section,
because there's a few videos there
talking about things like video quality
and so on and so forth.
And they are short,
but they'll help you get the most out of this course
if you just follow them.
They're only a couple of minutes long
so do check those out.
And the topics for video quality,
which can be an issue sometimes on Udemy,
ensuring that the videos are playing
in the best possible quality for you.
How to access and use subtitles.
How to get access to the source code.
And more importantly,
how to get to access to support if you need it.
So that's it.
Welcome again.
Let's move on now to the next video.